# GIF-_code_ATLAS_MM
Micromegas detector for ATLAS was tested at GIF++ beam test, where the photon flux can be attenuated by a number of nominal attenuation factors, e.g., 1, 1.5, 2.2, 4.6, 10, 22, 46, 100, 220 etc. Althouh the measured attenuation factors are a bit lower than the nominal factors, i.e., 1, 1.2, 2.2, 4.5, 8.8, 73.5, 142.3 etc. The current of MM was measured at different voltage values for different attenuation factors. Since the current is different due to different flux values of photon. The current was normalized for photon fluxes. A reference attenuation factor was chosen, i.e., 73.5. 

scaled current = I*i/i_ref, where i is the attenuation factor and i_ref = 73.5. Therefore, the characteristics of current for all the attenuation factors become equivalent to one attenaution factor, i.e., 73.5. So, in principle, the curve of I_scaled vs V should fall one upon another. But, in reality, At low AF the current is high as the voltage drop is. It means the current of the detector is actually smaller of what it would be without the effect of the voltage drop. So the scaled current at low AF is lower than for large AF. Therefore, the curves don't fall upon one another, rather the curves for large AF are located higher in I axis than the curves for low AF.

We have correct for the voltage drop, i.e, the voltage is actually smaller than the applied voltage. HV_corr = HV - IR, I is actual current, R is the equivalent resistnace of the PCB from where voltage is applied. R is unknown. We have to determine the value of R such that I_scaled vs HV_{corrected} for different attenuation factors come as close to each other as possible.
